I would like to play by listening to the booger , but before that I will introduce the explanation of the character
I hope to do it
I think that I want to say to say I wish or not that Boo Boo
First of all , it 's a song that 's okay .
Those who do not have the Holsler and money are surprising that the attack power is quadrupled in the combo system
Hey who am I think you have the kana not it a per
I do not know how to use the moon
Because it is a skill as a feature because it is a skill
The attack power 100 times the attack I attack force between dragon type Come to 1.5 times the burden
Because it is 100 times to say that attack power comes out
1314 is the village cuore
This is with 9 minutes per 130,000 in 100 times
180,000 Kung Fu if you shake the glass
Once you put the weaknesses become 36
I think the kana not it there is ease of use in this number sounds pretty various Toko
To tell the profane
I thought I could use it with this
to say that Baird I Toka when washing with s rank moves in evolution issue and if before evolution
If the degree of pairing can be reduced than about 7 leaders
I think this strength is pretty good I use even more skill to defeat the enemy
It is to say Rutte number of turns also earn do it I advance
In it is that this is called Monkey King
Tribute
It is Son Gohan is here that there is four times the attack power in a simultaneous attack leader skills 4 attribute more
so
I have an image of water horus
It is Mizuno False and it strengthens the drop of water, but the attack power is 100 times with this too
I know the attack
I think this might be a bit stronger for the cat, so I did not listen to the sound
In Toka party is not it can play an active role so
No kana think or
I can say this as a whole, but all
Layered it might be this large in the I ultimate God at the moment but I was locked
But also the aim s rank Nde I a
Or rather poppy
i am
I was a fog baby veggie I guess the status is still attack 1900
By say a rise to 5 and I think we pretty strong I also this
Furthermore, this is also known to know the attack on the epipen attack 80 hit
1980 because I was 16 years old
Is around ten thousand or 160,000 yen + shook Once
200,000 yen e ridge
That 's right, and it also means changing the hero rop to the dark drop
There is also a change, but this is not
I think that it can be used in various things that after all
The little leader is to take the person who thinks is a false over I think I thought as a whole
I think is unlikely I wonder if it
3 production areas are also true here
I eye g try attacking force is I'm a high-Itteyuu I this feather the same kind of skill
It means that you attack 80 times but
It is said that the attack power is even higher
It is a thing
Not in this four that also comes with a video of change
Really still false
If you don't have a hitter last night , I think it's possible to go outside
I will
It's here difference by say later in Riyadh 4 evolution
I of both skill but I think that I think we as members of the eggs
So the attack force 200 times Shah 3 attribute attack the enemy together
It is 260,000 and that two million gone in to say that over over maximum status 1318 he lame
Ne
If the color shake +
300,000 maintenance
I don't feel like I'm in a king , though
ht It is that it is as it is, but this skill can be used quite variously
The fact that after the layered
I I think that I not bad and Do What tax revenue dungeon Nari s encounter rank
Click Lee chestnut date is that the light attributes
If you delete all 4 loves on the left with leader skill or not, that the attack power will be 2.5 times
It burns it this performing arts This is might be difficult to use like it was even but a little
Pledge to turn off by connecting the drop is such Nde no longer use the block is no longer
This and sub pop sides
As a leader, it will be necessary to have a skill level required
This I'd be a feeling that the Do's a little difficult likely
Hey, here we part that is a little lower the attack frequency of the gas-circle Zan Menokataki skills
I think that if not it will do pretty good to say this gold each be lowered in light frame
It is a 5-minute Yamcha here pretty I sister
I want to for the restriction I'm want a guitar
I Moreover, a balance type
Diamond advent Toka if Tengu Toka I Suan island that many in the fire attributes do you'll limit dungeon
Saturday is the day even though is so I finally easy to hear because I'm boss of the tree attribute day
Ne
I think this firefly attribute of naughty can be easy to put in the day
I will stop sound This sounds might scene will make you feel to use without evolution because
Whether the next attack force of gold attack type that you are the leader It is Tenshinhan comes twice in 2.55 1.5
In terms of doubling
Sound called sealer really limited dungeon-like orientation
Quite that and say Glitter 2 type of restriction mountain John like
Goblinfu lab type is also included
What if compatibility is I think that looks good things to come
It's Chau to last in but Koch et al Well status is not what Well is so so
After all
It's a skill I want to invalidate the damage of light attribute during the skill desired pattern 2 turn
Light attribute nullification is very good, and it can be used in 13 turns
For example
I have taken it 20 turns the guy of Hidamari's Toka invalid or management
There are a lot of places to use that can be used 13 turns compared to
think
Mao still feels like there is no look without changing to baby dozen tiff
It is with Neyako-chan
In the feeling that not so bad
So take to the people that are aimed at very strong team
This time, Dragon Ball collaboration Kachan feel bridge that wonder if does not come went up there
But I still do not have it
It is quite good considering it is s rank 8 after red limited dungeon use
The fact that you think whether not it be was able to make in your balls collaboration is chan
I introduced the character and painted my own opinion
After this please try to reference
I think that I want to actually listen
Thank seed
In addition to this on this channel, we are performing landed animation and no charge capture
Thanking you in advance, please come by to visit with the channel registration